2018-07-24
Serendipity!  I've been reading a lot lately about digital journalism and the challenges of informing the general public with information that is authentic.  Facts can be presentended and interpreted in a subjective manner, but journalistic institutions, namely newspaper organizations such as the New York Times and the Washington Post provide the highest standards of integrity and have the public trust.

Social media organizations because they are a permission-based social network seem to imply trust as well, but are discovering that the elections of November 8, 2016 were heavily influenced by another country using social media as platform of misinformation.

My goal is to create a digitial commons of professional writers and other content creators who adhere to the higest standards of journalistic excellence and integrity.

I just rediscovered the book "Writing Tools" and started to read it again.  I hope to focus on this DeepSwim project -- I believe it's really needed!  (it's ironic that GitHub could be the platform, however it's not designed to control payment or validate the authenticity and integrity of the content).

2018-02-25

I broke my self-imposed rule not to buy anymore stuff (again).  I don't need to buy any more books.  I have plenty of them currently that I need to finish.
But, after spending a good amount of time at Drama Bookstore, I decided that it was my civic obligation as a theater professional to buy something.  The only book that
called to me was one called "Writing Tools" by Roy Peter Clark.  So, I'm going to try to get into the habit of writing regularly. 

I'm going to start with plain text files, and possible uploading all of my past essays and journal entries into this folder -- the main reason is so that I can easily find out where
everything is.  But, the reason I started this particular journal entry is simply to start recording the writing tools:

1.  Begin sentences with subjects and verbs.
2.  Order words for emphasis.
3.  Activate your verbs.
4.  Be passive aggressive.
5.  Watch those adverbs.
